About us
 

Christ Kingdom Salvation Pentecost Church, is a non-profit-making Pentecostal church with its headquarters in Accra, Ghana. It exists to bring all people everywhere to the saving knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ through the proclamation of the gospel, the planting of churches and the equipping of believers for every God-glorifying service. 

Vision Statement
To become a global Pentecostal church that is culturally relevant in vibrant evangelism, church planting, discipleship and holistic ministry.

Mission Statement
We exist to establish responsible and self-sustaining churches filled with committed, Spirit-filled Christians of character, who will impact their communities.

 

The present assembly which comprises the fellowship of the church, located at Baba Yara, Madina on the Ashally Botwe. 

 

The name of the Church was derived by a vision given to prophetess Beatrice Esther Afua Agyapomaa and was first made public on Sunday 20th March, 1994.

 

The leader and founder of the church prophetess Beatrice Esther Afua Agyapomaa, through whose selfless dedication to Jesus Christ.

BIOGRAPHY OF THE LATE PROPHETESS BEATRICE ESTHER EFUA AGYAPOMAA

 

 

The late Prophetess Beatrice Esther Afua Agyapomaa  was born on the 8th February, 1929 at Kwahu Tafo to Opanyin Mensah Atiego and Obaapanyin Awo Akua Yeboah (a.k.a. Akitamu),  all of blessed memory. She was the second daughter of her parents.

At age 16, Afua Agyapomaa as she was affectionately called by her siblings migrated from Kwahu to Accra in search of greener pastures. She started petty trading and later got married to the late Philip Osei (a.k.a Onyame Adom & Osei Broni), a successful business man in Accra. Their marriage was blessed with four children.

 

Her own testimony shows that for a considerable number of years in her life, particularly during her youthful days, she cared little about the things of God. She later pursued the things of God and always expressed deep regret for not knowing Christ much earlier. But as we say, “All is well that ends well”

 

As her life story amply testifies, her   old nature changed completely and her history was re-written with divine hands when she was converted to a saving knowledge of Our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ under the feet and ministry Prophetess Paulina Agyekumwaa, who was a member of the Presbyterian Church at Kwahu Tafo.  Under the divine direction of God and by prophecy through Prophetess Agyekumwaa, the Lord spoke to the new convert that He had raised her flag at Madina, a suburb of Accra where the new convert would have her own ministry.  According to Prophetess Beatrice Esther Afua Agyapomaa, she at that time knew nothing about Madina.

The Bible says, ‘when the son of man comes, shall He find faith on earth”?  First, Prophetess Agyekumwaa (through whom God had spoken) was expelled from the Presbyterian Church because they were not comfortable with her use of the prophetic gift in the Church. In the circumstances, the new convert had to seek the face of the Lord in order to fellowship with the then newly established Christ Apostolic Church (CAC) at Kwahu Tafo. Whiles fellowshipping with CAC, there were a litany of problems she encountered in all spheres of life, all of which were designed by Satan to dissuade her from following the call of the Lord. But through all the changing scenes of life, in trouble and in joy, the good Lord was merciful and truly faithful to this woman of God.  He delivered her from all the trials and gave her spiritual guidance to remain focused.

 

The prophecy which the Lord pronounced in 1975 had to wait till 1982 when the signs of fulfillment began to appear. As it happened, Beatrice Agyapomaa (her name at the time) met a certain Prophet Akwasi Peter at an Easter Convention of the Christ Apostolic Church at Kwahu Tafo in that year. Prophet Akwasi Peter was at that time the servant of God appointed by the CAC administration to live with and take care of the then aged, Apostle Peter Newman Anim, the founder of the C.A.C. Prophet Akwasi Peter offered to bring Beatrice Afua Agyapomaa to Accra to introduce her to Apostle Anim for spiritual guidance and support.  Interestingly, just about a week after Prophet Akwasi Peter had brought her to live with Apostle Anim in the same residence, he embarked on a journey not to return for about 9 months. This situation automatically placed Beatrice Agyapomaa in the stead of Prophet Akwasi Peter in ministering and attending to the needs of Apostle Anim. She was in turn rewarded in good measure by the anointing that the Great Apostle and Founder of CAC bestowed on her.

In the meanwhile, Beatrice Agyapomaa had started a prayer ministry at the residence and by January 1983, she had won 37 souls for Jesus Christ.  As the Lord blessed her prayer ministry and the number of converts continued to increase, Beatrice Afua Agyapomaa had no choice, but to take them together with her to the C.A.C at Madina (New Road) to worship. 

It is a fact that the Lord so mightily continued to use her in the ministry that the Leadership of C.A.C further confirmed her call by awarding her a certificate in recognition of her God-given call and talents, with works and miracles, as God’s anointed and a Prophetess. As the number of converts continued to grow, the Prophetess was led by God to start a new branch of the church at   Baba Yara, a suburb of Madina, which was christened No.2 Assembly of C.A.C at Madina.

However, in the early 1990s, cracks began to show between her and some Pastors of C.A.C., particularly one Pastor Mensah Aborampah who was the third District Pastor for the Madina Assemblies.  During the administration of the late Rev Augustine Annor-Yeboah as General Secretary of CAC, there was an attempt by a group of Pastors sent from the CAC Headquarters to physically close down the Church one Sunday morning. This was however thwarted with prayers by the entire congregation of the No. 2 Assembly.  Following this, the C.A.C administration completely neglected the Church for almost three years and refused to send pastors to superintend over its activities.

 To the Glory of God, the Prophetess did not waiver in her zeal or ministry as the Lord continued to use her mightily for the conversion of souls and the outpouring of miracles. Finally, on 20th March 1994, the Good Lord who spoke in 1975   fulfilled His Prophecy by giving the Church its new and present name, The   Christ Kingdom Salvation Pentecostal Church with Prophetess Beatrice Agyapomaa as its founder and leader till her call to eternity on 8th December, 2014.

 

At the time of her departure to be with the Lord, the Church had under her guidance and direction witnessed immense growth spiritually and physically. Indeed, the church, headquatered in Madina, has branches in Danfa, Abonya, Kpone-Kokompe and Kpone-Bawaleshie. Another branch at Iron City, Kasoa is yet to commence.

Interestingly, the Prophetess prophesized that the Lord had spoken to her that her earthly ministry would be accomplished with a fifth branch of the Church. May the Lord have all the Glory for a life fully lived in the Lord by Prophetess Beatrice Esther Afua Agyapomaa. Amen.

 

 

TRIBUTE BY THE CHURCH TO PROPHETESS BEATRICE ESTHER AFUA AGYAPOMAA, FOUNDER OF CHRIST KINGDOM SALVATION PENTECOSTAL CHURCH.

 

PRECIOUS IN THE SIGHT OF THE LORD IS THE DEATH OF HIS SAINTS. (Psalms 116:15)

 

As the church began to consider what to say on occasion of the call of our Founder to eternal rest in the Lord, we thought of the question posed by King David as he mourned the death of Abner.  He said, “Know ye not that there is a prince and great man fallen this day in Israel?” (2 Samuel 3:38). We will customize this quote and make it our own by saying, “Know ye not that there is a princess and a great woman fallen this day in Ghana?” Truly a great woman has fallen in Ghana.

 

 

Yes, our Wise and Trusted Counselor in the Lord, Prophetess Beatrice Esther Afua Agyapomaa, would not have been considered great by this world’s standards. She had no formal education; she did not come from a great city; she did not court publicity, etc. On the contrary, she lived her life as humbly and simply as she could. She wanted to serve than to be served. She found delight in working with the meek and the humble, the poor of this world, who the Lord has appointed great in faith. To do the work of the Lord was her food literally as evidenced in the austere life she lived, eating only enough as to put body and soul together, that is twice a week.  As you can see, no marble monuments or statues have been erected in her honor.

 

But her greatness, what makes her the princess and great woman of God, relates or pertains to spiritual things. We bear her witness that she was a faithful and zealous child of the Lord unto the very end. As a prophetess, her greatness was seen in the way she proclaimed the truth without fear or favour or equivocation. She was of the Order of “Thus saith the Lord” (“AWURADE SE”). She was strictly principled and could not be influenced by anybody or anything to compromise the truth as she saw it in the Lord. As just one example of such principled life, we bear witness of an occasion when she had to return a salon car that was gifted her by a church member who, like Demas, fell in love with this present world and left the Church to marry another woman.

The Prophetess’s greatness and anointing is depicted by the prophecies that she uttered, all of which came to pass with accuracy, including prophesying about when she would finish her own earthly ministry[U1] [E2] [E3] [E4] . Speaking for myself, I can testify about the Prophetess regarding her prophesy about my own family life when I got married in 1997. She prophesied directly that the Lord will grant me twins. Six years into my marriage her prophecy came to pass.

Of course, we cannot talk of her greatness without mentioning the greatest of them all, being the founding of Christ Kingdom Salvation Pentecostal Church, which is gradually spreading across the nation.  She was not only our Founder, but she fed us solid spiritual food which has nourished us over the years. She was blessed of the Lord to use a lot of biblical and witty expressions which have remained with us, some of which are “ mma obi nfa ne mponkyi nsesa wo nguan’., to wit, ‘ do not allow someone  to use his goats to exchange for your sheep’;  ‘nyamesom nnye amane3 bo ’ to wit, ‘ you do not tell your problems to God by telling it to people  ; nny3 me ko as0re, me ko asore na y3 de ko heaven’ to wit, ‘ you do not go to heaven merely by going to church’;  nyame som y3 kyen kyen soo soo”, to wit, the call to serve God is to suffer before gain”. Other quotable expressions of our founder include: “Kofi ayebi menso meye bi ye abosom som”, exhausting us to be led by the Holy Spirit and not to copy blindly; “Amaga ne amaga shia a na ye hunu amaga hoho”, emphasizing the victorious power of Christ over the devil; “Wo  na wo sa yaree m dokta fo ne edinsifoo gye ho sika di”, highlighting the healing power of Jesus Christ; and “w’antena awurade me na wow u a, mema tankas fo esiew wo” cautioning the congregation to dwell in God’s secret place so they can enjoy divine protection.

 

As the writer to the Hebrews said, “And what shall I more say? For time would fail me to tell of (all the Prophetess other exploits and doings): Hebrews 11:32.  It was said of the Lord Jesus Christ that “there are many other things which (he) did, the which, if they should be written every one, I suppose that even the world itself could not contain the books that should be written”: John 21:25[U5] . As it was with the Lord was it with His Prophetess for there are many things that the Prophetess did and said in her ministry that may keep us here for days if we are to recount them.

 But we have no such intention for  like  John the Baptist, the Prophetess only saw herself as a servant of the Lord Jesus Christ and not fit even to untie the lace of his sandals. She also believed with him that, Jesus must increase, but she must decrease. Unlike others, she encouraged us that the same Holy Spirit in and upon her life was what was also working in us and upon us. She accordingly taught us to seize the spiritual authority given us by authority of the word of God (in Luke 10:19), and not to rely unduly on her for everything.

We bear her witness that she has shown us the whole counsel of God as revealed to her and that no blood of any one church member shall be required of her from the Lord. Hers was a faithful ministry and we are glad that the Good lord made us partakers of her ministry.

While her departure should ordinarily have been an occasion of sorrow, we assert by the authority of scripture and by the example of her own life that it is, on the contrary, an occasion of happiness and joy for us. We agree with the Great Apostle Paul when he wrote, “But I would not have you to be ignorant, brethren, concerning them which are asleep, that ye sorrow not, even as others which have no hope.” (1Thes. 4:13). Further, in Titus 2:13 we read. “Looking for that blessed hope, and the glorious appearing of the great God and our saviour Jesus Christ.” Our mother died with this hope.

 

Nyame Nipa, as we affectionately called her, your memories will forever linger on in our hearts as we re-live and recall your life today.  We can boldly testify as a Church that you have fought the good fight of faith, you have finished your course, you have kept the faith. We also have every desire as members of the Church Combatant to be led by your shining example to strive and enter the narrow gate  and be with the Lord as you have done. May your soul rest in perfect peace till we meet you beyond the beautiful shores of this world in the company of the Church Triumphant.

brANCHES
hEADQUARTERS

DANFA

ABONYA

TEMA

KASOA

BAWALESHIE